No light past here. Tim.
Engineering sent a
message for my dad.
- What are you doing here?
- Message from engineering.
Why did you let him come. Roy?
Because Timmy
talked him into it.
What do you think?
I don't think we have a choice.
Yeah. me neither.
- Take him to safety now.
- You got it.
- Go. Get out of here.
- Dad. Dad.
Five bells.
What the fuck is with the bells?
At an agreed upon number
of bells. they attack.
What number would that be?
Apparently it's three.
Ready!
Shut your eyes! Look away!
Positions!
Take Russell alive. Understood?
- For freedom!
Keep moving! Keep Moving!
Keep moving!
Fall back! Fall back!
My hand slipped. I
didn't mean to...
I know.
Why wouldn't he open the door?
He was told not to.
Do you think Russell was lying?
I don't know.
Well. there's one
way to find out.
And if he was lying?
We're all dead anyway.
Well. let's go outside.
Let's go outside!
Oh. my God.
Come on.
Come on!
Fuck. Shit.
Okay.
Come on. you don't
want to be late.
Everybody. this is Juliette.
Is she a criminal?
No. Barney. she's not a criminal.
She's just new to Mechanical.
Moved down from the Mids. I think
she lost a bet or something.
Come on down. little one.
Okay. listen up.
New load every five
minutes. You got it?
I already told her how it works.
I don't know if
you told her right.
You see. Recycling is only supposed
to put hopeless stuff down the chute.
but. they all forget about it.
This is the last chance for anything
before it goes to the incinerator.
The good stuff goes
back to Recycling.
And the really good
stuff goes to Walker.
It's hotter down here.
You drink until
your pee is clear.
Gladys. you are gross.
You want to know what's
gross. Shirley-whirly?
Falling asleep on the belt.
your hair gets caught in the
rollers. rips half your scalp off.
- Walker?
- Incinerator.
Walker hates toys.
Can I have it?
What for?
If I get a minute. I can fix it.
Well. if you got a minute to spare.
then you can do some of my shift.
- We keeping you awake?
- No.
You know. you don't have to stay
at Mrs. Weaver's if you don't want.
You can come stay
with my dad and me.
No. thanks.
Suit yourself.
It's gonna get awful
lonely for you down here
with no one of your
own age to talk to.
Maybe you don't
like having friends.
What are you working on?
- Nothing.
- Really?
This a toy shop?
I was just gonna
give it five minutes.
In here. you work for me.
You work for me and the
Silo. but mainly me.
You want something to fix...
fix this.
I saw that on the trash line.
Well. see if you
can get it working.
What is it?
Guess you better
figure that out.
It's been a while.
A while since what?
Since I had a friend.
After my mom died...
After your mother
killed herself.
Down here. we
don't dance around.
If a pump ain't working. we...
we don't say "It might not be
operating at its projected capacity."
We say it's broke.
It's sad. It's awful.
But your mother killed herself.
Yeah...
well. the other kids kind of
avoided me like it was catching.
or they didn't really
know what else to say.
So. it's been a while.
Hey.
You know what? A few years
ago. I got pneumonia.
How I got it down
here I'll never know.
But I was sick as hell.
and Dr. Stern got me some
penicillin. which did the trick.
But that first night...
I had an awful dream.
Only it wasn't a dream. It
happened when I woke up.
I opened my eyes and I realized
that while I'd been asleep.
everybody had gone.
I was totally alone.
It's the worst
feeling I ever had.
I opened that door. I
went out in the corridor.
I yelled. "Is anybody out
there? Anybody out there?"
I yelled over and over.
until Fred down the alley told me
to shut the fuck up. it was 3 a.m.
Best words I ever heard.
I'm calling it.
You get Walker to fix it?
No. I did it.
You can have it.
What? Why? I'm not a
baby. I don't want a toy.
Shirley.
She's just trying to make up.
Just accept it and move on.
How'd you fix it?
There was a coiled spring
inside but it broke.
So I soldered it at Walker's.
Hello?
Is someone there?
Come on.
No!
Okay.
Hey.
What is that?
It's from before the
rebellion. I think.
Other than that. no idea.
One time. I came here with
Knox and some of his friends.
and I fell asleep over there.
They forgot about
me or something.
Anyway. they left me and
turned out the lights.
and I woke up and I
couldn't see a thing.
Did they come back for you?
Nah.
Then how'd you get out?
I didn't.
I've stayed here
the rest of my life.
I went really. really slowly.
But I found my way.
I couldn't do that.
Sure you could have.
What else are you gonna do? Die?
What the hell?
Hello?
Okay.
Hey!
Good. You heard the music.
I love that song.
So. one thing.
You tried to open the door...
I get it. you know.
you see a closed door.
what's on the other side?
You know. I understand.
Thing is. you do that again...
and I'm gonna kill you.